Limck,limck@um.edu.my,Dr. Lim Chee Kau,Lim1001,Senior Lecturer
aznul,aznulqalid@um.edu.my,Dr. Aznul Qalid Bin Md Sabri,aznulAI,Senior Lecturer
erma,erma@um.edu.my,Dr. Erma Rahayu Binti Mohd Faizal Abdullah,ermaRama,Senior Lecturer
badrul,badrul@um.edu.my,Dr. Nor Badrul Anuar Bin Juma'at,Badnuar,Associate Professor
angtf,angtf@um.edu.my,Dr. Ang Tan Fong,Ang123,Associate Professor
hema,hema@um.edu.my,Dr. Hema A/P Subramaniam,Subrahema,Senior Lecturer
koksoon,koksoon@um.edu.my,Dr. Tey Kok Soon,ksTey,Senior Lecturer
zaily,zaily@um.edu.my,Noorzaily Bin Mohamed Noor,Noorzaily,Lecturer
emranMT,emran@um.edu.my,Emran Bin Mohd Tamil,emran1003,Lecturer
rozramli,roziana.ramli@um.edu.my,Dr. Roziana Binti Ramli,ramliroz,Senior Lecturer
yinkia,yinkia@um.edu.my,Dr. Chiam Yin Kia,ChiamYK,Senior Lecturer
haizam,hairulnizam@um.edu.my,Dr. Mohd Hairul Nizam Bin Md Nasir,rulnizam,Senior Lecturer
maizatul,maizatul@um.edu.my,Dr. Maizatul Akmar Binti Ismail,maiAkmar,Associate Professor
fariza,fariza@um.edu.my,Dr. Fariza Hanum Binti Md Nasaruddin,Nasafariza,Associate Professor
norjihan,norjihan@um.edu.my,Dr. Norjihan Binti Abdul Ghani,jihanGhani,Senior Lecturer
hannyz,hannyz@um.edu.my,Hannyzzura Binti Pal @ Affal,hannyPal,Lecturer
masidayu,masidayu@um.edu.my,Mas Idayu Binti Md Sabri,idayuSabri,Lecturer
wailam,wlhoo@um.edu.my,Dr. Hoo Wai Lam,hoowwl,Senior Lecturer
hasank,hasankahtan@um.edu.my,Dr. Hasan Kahtan Khalaf,kahtankhasan,Senior Lecturer
amirkamsin,amir@um.edu.my,Dr. Amirrudin Bin Kamsin,amirkamsin,Senior Lecturer
ywteh,tehyw@um.edu.my,Dr. Teh Ying Wah,yingwahteh,Professor
lipyee,porlip@um.edu.my,Dr. Por Lip Yee @ Por Khoon Sun,lipyeeKS,Associate Professor
kama,kamarazaman@um.edu.my,Kamarazaman Bin Md Said,kamaraSaid,Senior Lecturer
ainazlin,ainaazlin@um.edu.my,Aina Azlin Binti Mohamat Arif,ainaarif,Lecturer
awinsya,awinsyakirin@um.edu.my,Nor Syakirin Binti Mohamed Nasrudin,kirinNasrudin,Lecturer
aafina,aafina@um.edu.my,Nor Aafina Binti Mohd Zamil,finaZamil,Lecturer
kira,kiranjeet@um.edu.my,Kiranjeet Kaur A/P Mukhtiar Singh,jeetKaur,Senior Lecturer
leena,eleena@um.edu.my,Eleena Binti Hasbullah,leena123,Lecturer
nazriq,nazriq@um.edu.my,Mohd Nazriq Bin Noor Ahmad,ahmadnazriq,Lecturer
kenTS,kensiang@um.edu.my,Tan Ken Siang,kensiangtan,Lecturer
peterGH,goonhong@um.edu.my,Ng Goon Hoong Peter,ngPeter,Lecturer
choywan,choywan@um.edu.my,Lim Choy Wan,Limcwww,Senior Lecturerteststaff,s123456@gmail.com,test test test,testpassword,Professor
